Two people are trying to follow instructions
on a cooking website
Using lots of text with no illustrations or structure
Instead of saying
To postulate a conceit more irksome than
being addressed in sesquipedalian syntax is adamantine
It is better to say
being spoken to in unnecessarily long and
complicated language is a pain
They are looking up words in a dictionary
to understand the recipe
Yet many websites lack structuring
using headings, lists and separation
or they use overly complex language
jargon and unexplained acronyms
They are confused and frustrated by the website
It makes them difficult and unappealing to use for many people
including non-native speakers
and makes them unusable for people with cognitive and learning
They search and find a different cooking website
with more structured text and illustrations
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.